The **Fall of Hallah** is a Avalonian tale that pertains to the a point in history where the world was originally and universally named [[Hallah]] (not to be confused with [[New Hallah]]). It is said that good and evil did not exist in Hallah. There were only Dew's rules. During this time period, there were no [[Royal House]]s and everyone lived in harmony with [[Dew]]. 

## Dew's Rules
* Man and woman will be paired according to Dew's will
* Man and woman may only be fruitful on the Day of Shamah

## The Fruit That Chose Love
At the birth of the 6th generation of children, Dew took one of the newborn babies and announced to the world, "Behold, this child's name will be Lilith and Love shall be in this world." Dew raised Lilith until the coming of age. On the 10th Day of Shamah, Dew brought Lilith to Lake of Shamah and spoke to her, "Love cannot exist without. To become Love, you will also be without. What Love you become will abide in me forever. What without you gain can never abide in me. I ask, do you will Love?" Lilith replied "I know not Love, but I will what you ask. I will without, in the hope to abide in you." Dew then bathed Lilith in the Lake of Shamah and established a pact with her, which was [[the Great Drop]] and the people of Hallah knew Love and were merry. Lilith then fell in love with Dew. And Dew accepted Lilith as his pair. On the 13th Day of Shamah, Lilith was overcome by a strong emotion which soon became known as lust. The emotion overwhelemed her and she paired with a man in secret. Upon the discovery, Dew became greatly upset. And then he became angry. And then wrath pursued. Dew destroyed the pact and the Great Drop was shattered into [13 pieces](/wiki/Tears). Dew then cursed and exiled Lilith from Hallah and told the people of Hallah "Let him who truly know without become king of this world." Dew then hid himself from the world.

## Royal Houses
After many years passed, the outcome of the division of the people of Hallah led to the beginning of Royal Houses.